the three orphans have been spared the
fate of their mother their journey back
to the wild is about to begin in earnest
the Cubs need to recognize the taste and
feel of different prey at this age in
the wild their mother would bring back
different animals for them to try this
evening they're feeding on peccary for
the first time no time you're letting
the Cubs experience feeding on this
species so they can recognize the smell
they can start finding its way to the
carcass they seem to like it and they
better do this because this is what
they're gonna be eating when they're
released there are no learning process
like going to school every day you learn
[Music]
as usual the larger female Kira is the
most dominant of the three her wild
instincts are emerging much faster than
her brother and sister Maya is much more
timid and quickly backs down from the
fight although chyron she is much bigger
than Kira he's wary of her and won't
challenge her from the peccary
the early signs are that Kira will be
the first of the three cubs ready for
release
over the next few weeks the Cubs are
introduced to all sorts of natural prey
and they take to it all with relish this
is a good sign in the wild Jaguars need
a very broad diet and eat over 60
different kinds of animal the Cubs get
plenty of practice with their two deadly
weapons their teeth and their claws
they're just reinforcing their knowledge
that they're gonna fight for their food
[Music]
the three cubs also discover that not
every animal is on the menu
[Music]